
So I want to create an application that can compute as a lace. I want this to be super super simple UI and I want this to be an application that ultimately is hosted in Github pages shall have no service side dependencies. I just. Want this to run directly in the browser. I want the starting page to have some common listed including their down times. So that means if you have for example. Of 99%. Then I want to have an overview. What does this mean? Per minute. But that doesn't mean per day. What does it mean per hour? What does it mean per week? What does it mean per month? What does it mean per quarter? What does it mean per year? I want those minutes to be broken down. I also want to have several of them, so it's just 99.9%, but several of the most common basically. 

I also want to have an input field where I can specify. Specific SLA that I want to target and then I want to see what that means. So basically all the computation should be done.

On top of that I woßuld like to have. The they have designed to be really modern, so I don't want to have a lot of fancy UI or something like that, but I just want to have nice fonts. That are some somewhat not modern. I want this to be very precise, no clutter, just good over few. So that if you really want to have the SLA computed very fast then this is this can happen. Additionally, I think it would be nice if I could call the as a lake calculator. For example, the specific URL parameter. Let's say for example I say. I provide a parameter that's called SLA and that value of the parameter would be 99%. Then I want this to be taking directly into the search into the input box and then. All the calculation should be. Build based on that. So therefore it should be possible to call this web application then via specific URL and then have basically pre filled. The the day that I want to compute that so that I don't have to do that in the UI.

Additionally, it would be cool to have an overview what this means if I reduce weekends, because obviously SLA's are often counted against 365 days, but umm, assuming that people don't work on weekends, umm it it doesn't really reflect the reality. So for. All the computations you do at another layer of computations where you basically reduce the year. By weekends, so 52 weeks, therefore reducing Saturdays and Sundays, you can remove the according days and then recalculate what it means for workers. Were not working. And then obviously if you have an 40 hour week, which is pretty common, then Europe at least unless LA might also affect people differently, so do the same. By only looking at those 40 hours a weeks and and make those 40 hours configurable. So basically I want to be able to say in the UI do wanna consider weekends do I wanna consider? Really twenty four hours or only eight hours? And then based on my configuration and I wanna see the SLA computation
